SwiftCardPlayground
===================

A Code Kata to help me understand how to make Swift enum types conform to `SequenceType`.

## Motivation

Implement Swift-style rich enums that conform to `SequenceType` via efficient generators, in the sense that the generators have constant memory footprint regardless of the size of the dimension that they cover.

This lets us use things like `for-in`, `map`, `filter` and `reduce` on such enums.

## Example
A Western playing card struct, `Card`, is implemented using enums `Rank` and `Suit`. A deck of cards is generated by generators which have `O(0)` time complexity and memory footprint, but client code doesn't need to be aware of the generator classes and can simply call `for-in`, `map`, `filter` and `reduce` on the enums directly.

For learning purposes, the `Rank` enum is backed by an `Int`, whereas the `Suit` enum is not. This is not meant to imply that the `Suit` enum is best implemented that way.

##Implementation

Both `Rank` and `Suit` implement an `init()` method that initializes them with the first member of the sequence.

Both `Rank` and `Suit` implement a `next()` method that ultimately returns `nil` when the enum is exhausted.

Thus, knowledge of the "first" and "last" elements of the sequence is confined within the respective enums.

Both `Rank` and `Suit` expose a generator that is always initialized with the first member of the sequence.

It then becomes a simple matter of declaring `typealias GeneratorType = BlahGenerator` and implementing `func generate()` to return `BlahGenerator()`.

## Testing

Testing is done in-line with raw `assert()` calls. In production code I would of course pull these out into proper test classes.

## Generalisation

This could be made more generic, and a past incarnation of me used to do that sort of thing in C++. Let's just say that I don't really fancy those sorts of high-jinks any more. Template meta-programming is something I could _really_ do without.

## Licence

MIT licence. I'm not fussed about attribution for something this trivial, so do with this code as you like.
